
HiPi is a Perl distribution that you install into the
existing Perl on your Raspberry Pi. The build process
includes installation of all dependencies.

It is highly recommended that you update and upgrade
your installation of Raspbian Wheezy before installing
the HiPi modules.

  sudo apt-get update
  sudo apt-get upgrade

This release of HiPi is tested against the
2013-02-09-wheezy-raspbian release. If you have an
earlier release installed and do not run update and
upgrade, your mileage may vary.

The install process requires root privileges to install
its scripts and does so by calling 'sudo'. You must run
either the automated install script or the standard
Perl build process as a user with sudo privileges. By
default the 'pi' user has these privileges when running
Raspbian Wheezy.

For a simple automated installation:

  wget http:/raspberry.znix.com/hipifiles/hipi-install
  perl hipi-install</pre>

If you want to download the latest tarball, read what
the build process actually does (and perhaps you should
as it executes some commands under sudo ) and run the
standard Perl install steps:


rm hipi-latest.tar.gz
rm -rf hipi-src

wget http:/raspberry.znix.com/hipifiles/hipi-latest.tar.gz
tar -xvzf hipi-latest.tar.gz
cd hipi-src
perl Build.PL
perl Build
perl Build test
sudo perl Build install</pre>
 
Once installed you can run the HiPi Control GUI with the
command

  gksudo hipi-control-gui

It is necessary to run the control gui using gksudo
(graphical sudo) as the HiPi Control GUI needs permissions
to access the GPIO pins and device driver settings. You
can use the HiPi Control GUI to set up your device drivers
so that many of your other scripts do not need administrator
(root) privileges to run.

If you are installing HiPi and you know you don't want any
GUI components and you don't want Wx to be installed, you
can pass the --hipi-wx=0 option to either the auto install
script or in the standard build process:

  perl hipi-install --hipi-wx=0

    ... or ...
 
  perl Build.PL --hipi-wx=0
